[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a comedy horror film
dead snow
part 2 red versus dead spoiler ahead
watch out and take care previously on
part one
during their vacation in the snow
mountain martin and his friends
discovered a treasure box belonging to
the zombie army
their possession of such a treasure box
led to relentless attacks by the nazi
zombies
during the fight martin's friends were
killed one after another while martin
was also badly injured with his dick bit
by a zombie
finally he returned the treasure box to
the zombies and fled back to his car
however the zombie captain continued to
chase after him
because he forgot a golden coin in his
pocket fortunately martin manages to
start the car
and escape the zombies the zombie
captain is crashed by an oncoming truck
while following martin
realizing the forgotten coin is the root
of problems martin throws it out of his
car
but soon due to excessive loss of blood
he loses control
and crashes his car into the snow the
zombie captain loses his right arm
due to the car accident picking up the
golden coin
the captain recalled an unaccomplished
mission of the past he then comes up
with a new plan
martin later wakes up in hospital to
find his misery has not ended
he has to suffer the police's
interrogation for his fingerprint was
found on the axe
that killed his girlfriend based on this
piece of evidence he is charged to be
the murderer
martin tries all means to prove he is
innocent but no one buys his words
to his horror martin realizes the
surgeon has attached the zombie
captain's right arm to
his stump the zombie arm goes berserk
and attacks
everyone within reach after killing the
doctor against his will
martin is sedated in the meantime the
zombie captain has martin's lost arm
replaced
and begins to resurrect more zombie
troops however
their physical bodies decay too much to
be of any use
the zombie captain turns to the church
nearby kills the pastor
and turns him into a zombie slave
strangely martin in the hospital feels
this scene
and wakes up in shock it turns out that
after they swap their arms
martin is able to sense what happens to
the zombie captain
martin wants to tell the police officer
but he soon finds himself strapped
tightly to the bed
fortunately a young boy sneaks into
martin's room when hearing rumors of a
zombie attack
the boy frees martin and tells him about
the zombie hunting squad in america
just as martin is thinking about how to
get out of the hospital
the zombie arm loses control and
suddenly throws the boy out a window
through the broken window martin jumps
down to break away
feeling guilty for the boy he tries to
rescue the boy
but crushes his chest instead the police
officer tries to catch martin
all of a sudden the zombie arm kills the
officer with a car logo
without any choice martin starts the car
and drives away
on his journey the boys mobile phone
rings it is from the leader of the
american zombie hunting squad
having heard from martin what happened
leader says the zombie captain is not
any ordinary zombie
but the one cursed with a certain
mission leader instructs martin to find
out what his mission is
before they arrive in norway knowing
that some professional help is on the
way
martin feels much encouraged little does
he know that the zombie squad is far
from being professional
it consists of merely three american
nerdy youths fanatical at zombie studies
leader decides to take the whole team to
go to norway
upon their arrival in norway the zombie
squad are not allowed to purchase
any guns so they shop for their armor at
a hardware store
martin visits a world war ii museum
nearby for his investigation
by this time he has become a wanted man
by the police
the museum clerk wants to report to the
police immediately
but martin intimidates clerk with a
zombie arm
clerk then takes martin to the museum
where they read about the zombie
captain's history
which shows that the zombie captain was
originally a close friend of hitler
during world war ii he was tasked by
hitler to protect the german fleet's
biggest warship
at talvik however the warship was bombed
by the english army
as they intercepted its vital
information in a fury
hitler tasked the zombie captain to wipe
out talvika's revenge
unfortunately the zombie captain died on
his way to talby
without carrying out the mission so he
can't let go of the grudge even as a
zombie and plans to fulfill that mission
from the map martin discovers that the
zombie army is supposed to pass by this
place
for the window they witness the zombie
captain and his nazi zombies
are slaughtering a group of tourists
outside such an unprecedented
bloody scene freaks clerk and he pukes
immediately
after the slaughter the zombie captain
revives a few intact corpses
and turns them into zombies later the
zombie captain leads his army into the
museum
martin and clerk having nowhere to go
escape death by pretending to be
mannequins
the zombie captain has his troops armed
themselves with old weapons from the
museum
including a world war ii era tiger tank
and then they leave for talvik
martin and clerk come out to survey the
carnage the tourist zombies come to
attack martin
but are easily wiped out by his zombie
arm martin stretches out his right arm
to close the eyes of a dead tourist
which however resurrects the dead man
into an aggressive zombie and terror
martin kills the zombie right away
martin again tries to touch the dead
zombie with his right arm
and is surprised to find a group of
zombie revived by the zombie darm's
power
however this unlucky zombie is again
killed by the coming leader
leader and his two teammates gather
around the zombie for a photo shoot
revealing that they are nothing but an
amateur group
knowing that martin has the power to
revive and control the dead
leader comes up with a plan to kill the
zombie captain that is to resurrect the
zombie captain's enemy
a soviet lieutenant and his army who had
been executed by the zombie captain
during the war
leader reasons that once resurrected the
soviet army will surely take revenge on
the zombie captain
martin leader and a sidekick zombie race
to the burial ground of the soviet army
while the rest worked to slow the zombie
captain
in the meantime the zombie captain's
army have arrived at talvik by the tank
and ruthlessly kill everyone along their
way clerk and zombie squad decide to
lead the zombie captain into a local
swamp
clerk acts abate to draw the zombie army
but the zombie captain with a smart
zombified brain
does not fall for it he commands a small
group of zombies to chase clerk
when the zombie army gets near the two
girls kill them with pipe bombs
continuous bombing eradicates the small
group of zombies
the zombie captain remains calm and
orders to attack them with a tank gun
clerk and two girls flee in haste on the
other hand police officers have reached
the crime scene at the museum
the sheriff spots martin in the
surveillance video and confirms that
martin is a psychopath serial murderer
after taking the body to the morgue the
greedy sheriff covets the deceased
property
moreover to solely take the credit for
martin's arrest
the sheriff decides to arrest martin
before the law enforcement officer's
arrival
as the night approaches martin's car is
trapped in the swamp
martin and leader put the sidekick
zombie's ass under the tire
and then step on the gas to pull the car
out the sidekick zombie is once again
revived by martin
even though his body is full of wounds
the sidekick zombie
remains loyal to martin finally they
discover the graveyard of the soviet
army
martin resurrects an entire troop of
soviet zombies
however martin cannot help but shiver
when the masculine soviet lieutenant
walks to him
thanks to the power of the zombie arm
the soviet lieutenant
and his soldiers become obedient to him
the next day
reports of the nazi zombies killing come
into the police station
the sheriff still doesn't believe that
zombie [ __ ] but he deploys the whole
team to
talby just to ensure that he does not
miss any credit
by now the nazi zombies have arrived at
an empty and lifeless tall vik
martin has evacuated the town's people
and thus prevents the zombie captain
from completing his mission
soon the soviet troops confront the
zombie captain's army
the zombie captain is immediately tensed
up when he sees the soviet lie tenant
he orders to attack the police with the
tank gun and waits for his ever
approaching enemy
the zombie captain and soviet lieutenant
start a raging fight
while nazis military doctors are busy
caring for the injured
and get them back to the battle as the
tank runs over the police car
sheriff and his officers flee to the
resident's house nearby and watch the
zombie war right then
clerk and the two girls finally come to
support martin the battle goes well at
first
but later the soviet lieutenant is sneak
attacked during the chaos
the zombie captain takes this chance to
terminate his old enemy
by now it is clear to everyone that
without killing the zombie captain
this mess will not end so martin
directly confronts the zombie captain
while leader attempts to take control of
the nazi zombies tank
but he struggles to fight with a zombie
driver inside
as the nazi zombie overpowers the soviet
troops clerk is killed
and the two girls are besieged the tank
flings out of control
and rushes into the house where martin
and the zombie captain are fighting
against one another
martin and the zombie captain continue
with their fight on top of the tank
leader manages to overpower the zombie
driver and breaks the tank unexpectedly
as such martin is thrown into the car
nearby
the zombie captain thinks he is winning
and stands up on top of the tank
just when the zombie captain is about to
claim his victory leader fires the tank
gun directly at the zombie captain
giving a deadly blow to its head thanks
to the deadly blow job
the captain's troops fall lifelessly to
the ground saving the two girls from
danger in time
the four celebrate their hard-won
victory and bid farewell
following their departure the timid
sheriff and his team finally come out to
clean up the mess
martin drives to the church where his
girlfriend is buried digs up her corpse
and brings her back as a zombie as the
couple is burnt with horny passion
and proceed to let go of their zombified
hormones the sidekick but loyal zombie
just arrives on time to witness their
hormone game
although he doesn't know why his master
loves to rock the tiny car violently
the zombie wears a joyful smile standing
as a peeping tom in the near distance
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out